there is  no pill  for weight loss  there is not going to be  a pill  for weight loss  if you lack  self-discipline  if you lack  moral fiber if you lack substance if you  lack  character  you cannot  take a pill to solve that problem  neither a stimulant  nor a sedative  is ever going to help you  if your problem is  who you  are  intellectually  emotionally  ethically  there is no  pill  to solve that problem  you know this is why i i switched to  pick up artist stuff because as soon as  i am honest with a girl  there's no game involved as soon as i am  i'm straight and like uh straightforward  with a girl it never works out for me  but when i play some game  it's it works out great and i hate that  i hate being a manipulator i hate having  to [ __ ] play a stupid game and like  some some of my friends they're just  like really really handsome or whatever  and they don't ever need to try you know  like they got natural game or whatever  but for me it's like well when you're  fat it's like playing the game of the  dating game on hard mode you know  you can still do it but you're gonna put  in a lot more effort you know  um  and anyway that really hurts you know  that really hurt like that was like the  worst thing that i've heard  in a while and then we went to like a  movie and it was it was cool it was nice  but  you know the third time  uh i was like hey let's hang out and  like yeah she just uh she was dodging me  you just said like oh i'm busy and i'm  like you literally just said you haven't  been busy for months i'm just like oh  wow you got busy really quickly huh  anyway i i tell her i was like okay like  trump card there we go hey uh why don't  we spend christmas together because  christmas is a couple's day  and  she  she immediately sends me back a message  being like you know i told you this when  we broke up but i see you more as like a  family member or like you know somebody  who i really care about but i'm not  interested in romantically and i'm like  oh bam  at the same time i like if i want to go  on adventures with people i gotta lose  some weight you know i've been talking  about losing weight forever  and i'm like you know what like  i'm one of the reasons i'm going to the  adhd pill doctor right now is to get  those pills because like i have been  [Music]  for the most part been being a good boy  like i still only eat once a day or  whatever but i am drinking a lot of my  calories with soda and everything like  that and i know that if i have these adh  pills  they only they not only help me think  clearly but they're also appetite  suppressants so i'm gonna just show her  like look  i lost some weight i got some better  views on youtube and it's not it's not  like i need her approval i just want her  to know  i just want her to know that i did this  like you know just to be like because  she saw me recently she knows that like  like she knows that i'm fat  i mean i'm just saying like i don't want  to lose weight just to get her approval  but i want to see i'm like i have an  actual deadline now i'm like okay  i got some time before christmas let's  do this let's let's try to make this  happen you know i mean that's what i try  to tell mark though i'm like he's never  studied pick up artist stuff  and if he if he had tried picklebart and  stuff he knows that it's just a numbers  game it's just a numbers game and also  you can't let all this rejection get to  you  that's a topic for a video  [Applause]  and as you guys know i have severe adhd  which makes it extremely hard for me to  concentrate in school as it is and i  take medication for it i take concerta  the highest dose that you can get  prescribed stimulant medications are far  more dangerous than most practitioners  and published experts seem to realize  animals and humans  cross addicted to  methylphenidate amphetamine  and cocaine  these drugs affect the same three  neurotransmitter systems  in the same parts of the brain it should  have been no surprise when nadine  lambert presented data the consensus  development conference attached  indicating that the prescribed stimulant  use in childhood predisposes the  individual to cocaine abuse in young  adulthood  furthermore their addiction and abuse  potential is based on the capacity of  these drugs to drastically and  permanently change brain chemistry  studies of amphetamine show that short  term clinical doses produce brain cell  death  similar studies of this drug  known as ritalin and by other trade  names  show long lasting and sometimes  permanent changes in the biochemistry of  the brain and as you guys know i have  severe adhd which makes it extremely  hard for me to concentrate in school as  it is and i take medication for it i  take concerta the highest dose that you  can get prescribed for that and with  concerta you're not really supposed to  drink alcohol mix other substances that  sort of thing because your heart rate  will go crazy like if you don't have  adhd people will use this recreationally  to get high and everyone kept making fun  of me because i was like 19. i'd barely  drink alcohol so long island iced teas  which get you messed up and i didn't  know that at the time also adios like i  learned a lot about honestly alcoholic  beverages and i don't mean that from  like a drinking standpoint but like i  could be a freaking bartender because i  learned so many of the drinks from doing  this and they let you drink at the bar  like these guys would just be buying me  drinks and the guy that i sat and ate a  salad with i think he ordered me ice  cream too like i seriously just went  down the menu and got whatever i wanted  he handed me 300 for eating with him and  a psychiatrist told me that i have  severe anxiety and she could not believe  that i had never been diagnosed with  this it was amazing the next day we got  our nails done you know we slept in till  like the afternoon and i had money to  blow like i had never been in this  position before like i really could just  buy whatever i kind of wanted so  throughout my life as i mentioned i've  always had adhd and i guess a lot of the  things that i associated with my adhd  were actually symptoms of anxiety as  well the number of children on these  drugs has continued to escalate a recent  study in virginia indicated that up to  20 of white boys in the fifth grade were  receiving stimulant drugs during the day  from school officials  another study from north carolina showed  that 10 of children were receiving  stimulant drugs at home or in school  the rates for boys were not disclosed  but probably exceeded 15 percent  with 53 million children enrolled in  school  probably more than 5 million are taking  stimulant drugs a recent report in the  journal of the american medical  association by zito and her colleagues  has demonstrated a three-fold increase  in the prescription of stimulants  to two to four-year-old toddlers yeah  like i just don't like it literally it  would just like eat me up and like tear  me apart to like  watch other girls like touch my  boyfriend watch my boyfriend touch girls  like it just like i didn't like it and  like  i feel like maybe because i have like an  only fans like i don't know like i said  like my social media isn't like you know  super clean either like i know any guy  or girl i'm with is gonna have to deal  with that let's stop now let's go let's  just let's just end this video  this sucks dude  okay  recently not many girls who know my  channel  message me anymore i don't know why  maybe it's because  they found out that i'm too much of a  weirdo even though i'm not really that  famous my channel's still kind of small  i've had several  experiences  maybe about four times it's happened  before where i matched someone  i didn't tell them about the channel and  they found out anyway  either because  um  just just by coincidence they found out  or because they showed my picture to one  of their friends and one of their  friends recognized me  and  i'm surprisingly more famous than you  may realize i've been busy trying to  think about what i want to do with my  life  and i've come to the conclusion that i  still have  no idea so as you can imagine i don't  really feel that amazing these days  because i feel like either option i take  i'm doomed  to misery  if i focus on my channel make that a  priority then i'm probably  not going to do very well  at the whole dating thing and i just  have to be single and accept accept that  fact or if i try and focus on improving  my chances dating then  i have to give up on  making  the kind of videos i want to make yeah  i've come to the realization that i  don't feel confident  in being able to keep my channel a  secret  and when they find my channel the  reaction most girls have is they get a  bit freaked out they've got a lot of  questions  most of the time they block me or  unmatch me or they don't want to meet me  anymore because they're scared and i  guess i can't be a weirdo on the  internet and expect to have a normal  relationship with a normal girl  okay i need to i need to end this video  now what the hell  okay  i'm fine i'm really fine  i'm not stable oh my god  why am i even posting this to the  internet i don't know all stimulants  impair growth  not only by suppressing appetite but  also by disrupting growth hormone  production  this poses a threat to every organ of  the body including the brain during the  child's growth  the disruption of neurotransmitter  systems adds to this threat and that's  another thing a lot of these girls are  on drugs but i'm not trying to like  stereotype strippers because a lot of  people in life in general are on drugs  but yeah a lot of the customers in there  are doing coke and a lot of the girls  are doing coke with them this club i  don't even know how they hired me like i  was just some bootlegged chick off the  street who had no experience like this  club was nice like girls were flying out  to go to this club and work there for  example with my adhd it's very easy for  me to forget things so i'm constantly  making to-do lists and writing things  down when i was in college my adhd was  really bad but now that i'm truly just  doing things in my life that i'm  passionate about that i can hyper focus  on that are like interesting to me and  fun it's not like forced or like i have  to meet these requirements to like get  this degree or something like it's like  actually just like comes to me naturally  i thrive you know that's kind of how  adhd is when you're being like  creatively stimulated and doing stuff  that you actually want to do you're able  to focus like really really well you  know so i kind of realized that  adderall  is a powerful drug  but the excuses that we make for  ourselves can be even more  powerful  this woman during the crucial years in  which he finished high school began  university transferred to another  university and then dropped out  lived with the excuse  that she could not focus her mind she  could not do the type of work that all  the other students could do because  there was something biologically wrong  with her and she believed that this drug  counteracted counter balanced or  compensated for this biologically real  problem that she had  in the same sense that somebody with  diabetes takes a drug to counteract the  effects of sugar  because people with diabetes really do  lack something that the rest of us have  something that the rest of us  biologically take for granted every day  every time we eat food  and the thing is  it's all a lie  now at age 24  she finds when she suddenly stops taking  the drug not under doctor's orders not  under her doctor's supervision not  anyone's recommendation she doesn't  reflect on how it was she made the  decision to as an experiment i suppose  stop taking the drug she finds that at  age 24  she has the mental focus she has the  self-discipline now she can sit and read  a book in fact it is easier for her to  read a book when she is not under the  effects of adderall as opposed to the  way she struggled when she was since the  early 1990s north america has turned to  psychoactive drugs in unprecedented  numbers for the control of children in  november 1999 the u.s drug enforcement  administration warned about a record  six-fold increase in ritalin production  between 1990 and 1995.  in 1995 the international narcotics  control board and agency of the world  health organization deplored that 10 to  12 percent of all boys between the ages  of 6 and 14 in the united states have  been diagnosed as having add and are  being treated with this drug commonly  known as ritalin  she's found  that at age 24  she has  more  maturity  than she had at 17 18 or 19. and there  are countless millions of people in the  world who really didn't have the  maturity didn't have the focus didn't  have the self-discipline  to undertake university level studies in  their younger years but who could have  developed  that focus that motivation that's of  this one say  by age 24  like ali hardesty here i actually feel  amazing not being on it i sleep better  like when i tell you like and it's  really sad like i don't know if i want  to get into that super much in this  video but i used to make a lot of adhd  videos and just like content surrounding  that and a lot of you guys i know follow  me for that and if you don't know my  story i was diagnosed when i was like  really young like seven or something and  i was put on pharmaceutical medication  and pretty much was taking adderall  since  i don't even know when like years like  every single day like the highest that  you can get prescribed and pretty much  have like a dependency on it because if  i would stop taking it i would go  through like withdrawal but i stopped  taking it during the pandemic like kind  of more recently because i was just like  do i even really need to take it and to  be honest i do kind of feel like i've  outgrown a lot of my adhd i actually  feel like better not taking it  and we're left with the terrible  question of  what if this young woman  wasn't given these drugs  what if she wasn't given  the excuse  at such an early age what if she had  taken responsibility  for the development of her own character  what if she had the attitude  that she couldn't read a book  not because she was biologically  different from her classmates and that  there was a cure that came in a bottle  of pills  what if she had the attitude that this  was her responsibility something she had  to overcome herself  and that even if she were perhaps more  immature  than many of her classmates that even if  she were more jittery more scattered  than her classmates  that this was really just  a pattern of behavior that this was  something she could and would  eventually with the passage of years  and hard work  that this was something she would  eventually overcome  in march of 1997 the board declared  quote the therapeutic use of  methylphenidate is now under scrutiny by  the american medical community the incb  welcomes this close quote  the united states uses approximately 90  percent of the world's ritalin  at the same time i like if i want to go  on adventures with people i got to lose  some weight you know i've been talking  about losing weight forever  and i'm like you know what like  i'm one of the reasons i'm going to the  adhd pill doctor right now is to get  those pills because like i have been  [Music]  for the most part been being a good boy  like i still only eat once a day or  whatever but i am drinking a lot of my  calories with soda and everything like  that and i know that if i have these adh  pills  they only they not only help me think  clearly but they're also appetite  suppressants so  [Applause]  [Music]  i'm gonna put up a picture for you right  now  of uh  what i used to look like  when i was young  and handsome  [Music]  do you think there were more women  trying to sleep with me  more women trying to seduce me  more women trying to start a  relationship with me when i look like  that  or looking  and talking  and acting  the way i do now there is way more  interest  now  and i don't know how much fatter i am  than i was at that photo i don't know if  i'm getting 20 pounds i don't know if  i've gained 40 pounds i haven't gained  200 pounds guys enough i've gained some  weight since then and i've i've gained  some years and there are some more  crags in my face why do you think  more women are interested in me now why  do you think more women  are attracted to me now  it's because what women  are looking for  is a man who would be  a good father to their children  even if those children are entirely  hypothetical even if you're talking  about a woman who's made the decision  it's a serious decision that i respect a  woman who's made the decision that she  never wants to have  any children at all  right  i already have a kid  it's very easy for me to make the  decision to never have  any more children  but even if i made that decision and  even if i were single again which i'm  not  the qualities i would be looking for  the qualities i'd be attracted to the  qualities i'd be responding to in women  those are the qualities that would make  a good mother whether the particular  woman we're talking about wants to have  kids or not or whether or not the woman  she might have a medical condition she  might have a reason why she never can  have  kids  or never should  what do you think  is going to make  tko sam  more attractive  to the opposite sex he wants to believe  that there's a pill  that can solve  all  his  problems what kind of  intellectual  character  what kind of  emotional character  what kind of ethical character  do you think women  are looking for  i don't care  that this happens to be  a prescription drug  that he's taking i don't care  that it's legal  rather than  illegal he thinks  he's making himself into a better person  by taking this pill he thinks he has  more focus he thinks he has a suppressed  appetite he thinks he's going to be a  sharper smarter thinner man  now that he's hooked on this drug  you were a terrible person  to begin with sam  and now  you're a terrible person  with a drug habit  all you've done  is taken a bad man  and made him into  a drug addict  how many women  do you think are interested  in getting married  to that  and there will be some  there are some  but you tell me  about the intellectual character the  emotional character and above all else  the ethical character  of who exactly  that type of woman  would be